- #ROBARCH
	- What is the research question?
	- My research
	- Xiliu's research
	- Questions:
		- *Is there an intervention by the human?* --> the human can react to the robot bending too far? robot reacts to the human bending too far?
		- *What happens if there is too much flexure read by the sensor?*
		-
		-
- #phd
	- Check the rules on the candidacy exam?
		- https://www.epfl.ch/education/phd/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/EDCE_regulation.pdf
	- Co-Advisor?
	- How many courses can I take from EDCE, EDAR, and other faculties?
	- What course am I interested in taking in the first year?
- #meetingwithLaceyRose
	- species --> monoculture ??
		- varies by region, country
		- most forestry in european areas have been heavily managed for a long time -- no natural forest left
		- Canada -- forest regions (Boreal, etc)
			- it is naturally, monoculture -- it is a black spruce forest
			- **they try to emulate natural disturbances when they harvest:**
				- they try to emulate what mother nature would do in their harvesting practices
				- requirement of the tree species
					- for example, species that need partial sun -- if you did a partial harvest and left partial sun species behind, they would then die because they get too much sun due to the forested area
			- clear cutting -- a forest fire would produce this
			- Ontario -- 91% owned by the crown -- you are legally required to regenerate that forest
				- You can't switch from a black spruce forest to something else
				- Great Lakes Forest
					- lots of natural variety here
					- disturbances here include:
						- wind events, ice storms
						- therefore they do partial harvesting to emulate nature here
			- forest unit:
				- how they define different forest types -- its in the forestry plan she wrote
				- ie. 70% red pine = red pine forest unit
			- public persection problem
				- every region is different
				- used to be called logging! Now it's **forestry**
				- They used to just log / cut things without caring, now they manage for wildlife, old growth,
				- 16" oak not existing
					- one of the objectives is to get old growth forest to a natural level
						- there's models that go backwards and tell us how much percentage of the forest should be old growth
					- second growth = it has been cut before
			- This all started in 1994 -- crown forest sustainability act -- changed from timber management to forest management and that's when other objectives came in
				- **you can find all of these online
				- look at the Ottawa Valley Guide that Lacey wrote
			-